Fine Tuned Voice Cloning docs (#24)
cartesia-ai/docs: fern/build-with-sonic/capabilities/clone-voices/fine-tune.mdx

Reviewer: This is great overall, but it kind of buries the info about pricing. Let's put that in a table upfront (Markdown tables work with our docs site). And let's explain a little bit more about what it means for a voice to be "locked" and the motivation behind why we have this model where voices are initially locked.

---
title: Voice Fine-Tuning (Alpha)
subtitle: >-
  Learn how to leverage model fine-tuning to create more faithful voice clones.
---

> <p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">

Reviewer: Instead of using HTML, just use the appropriate Fern component, which in this case would be a `<Warning>`. 

See https://buildwithfern.com/learn/docs/content/components/callouts#warning-callouts.

Also change the other <p> below.

  **Voice Fine-Tuning is currently in Alpha. Please contact [Support](https://play.cartesia.ai/support) if you
  encounter any issues.**
</p>

<Frame background="subtle">
  <img src="/assets/images/fine-tune.png" />
</Frame>

> **Voice Fine-Tuning** is available through the [Playground](https://play.cartesia.ai) to Scale and Enterprise tier users only. It uses model fine-tuning to train a custom model directly on your audio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Voice Fine-Tuning** is available to Scale and Enterprise users through the [Playground](https://play.cartesia.ai). It trains a custom model directly on your audio.
```

> Let's walk through the process of creating an **Fine-Tuned Voice** using our `Sarah` voice as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's walk through the process of creating a **Fine-Tuned Voice** using our `Sarah` voice as an example.
```

- Large file uploads can be slow. Try breaking your audio up into multiple files to speed up the upload process.

Click the **Train** button to start the training process after uploading your all of your audio files. This will take between 2-8 hours to complete depending on the amount of audio you uploaded. The cost of training is **3 Million Characters** and will be charged once training has completed successfully.

<Frame background="subtle">
  <img src="/assets/images/fine-tune-train.png" />
</Frame>

Once the training is complete, you'll see **5** versions of your new voice in the **Created Voices** tab. All versions will also be available in the [Voice Library](https://play.cartesia.ai/library) along with your other voices. Each version is associated with a set of fine tuning parameters automatically selected based on the source audio.

<Frame background="subtle">
  <img src="/assets/images/fine-tune-voices.png" />
</Frame>

You'll have access to all voices via the Playground, but API access will be locked. To unlock, click the Lock icon next to each voice. There is a one time cost of **27 Million Characters** per voice you unlock.

> <p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">

Reviewer: Change to use `<Warning>`
